The company is providing the first long term
discount of 15%. Second, a civil
discount of 15%. If your civil is good, then you can get a
discount of up to 15% on the civil.
Number three, if you renew
your
policy 30 days before the renewal next year,
you will get an extra discount of 2% because it is very unique, it is an
industry first feature. The fourth feature is 10%
on PPN network. PPN network is the
company's agreed network hospitals
where if you get treatment and
choose the same hospital, then you can get an
extra 10% discount on the premium.
And last but not least, the wellness
discount, which is up
to 30% here
[music]
[applause].
Hello friends, today I am going to talk to you
about the recently launched super top-up plan of IIC Lord,
which is called Activate Boor. This is an amazing
super top-up plan in itself,
which can be very useful and very powerful for you.
People have also come to this channel for the first time, they have to
subscribe to the channel,
share it, comment on it and definitely click on the bell icon, only then
you will keep getting all the latest updates. My name is
Yogendra Verma, I am a health insurance
expert and have been genuinely helping people for the last 28 years.
You
can also be one of them and keep subscribing to this channel and
you will keep getting all the latest updates here. Let us
quickly understand
what is this Activate Booster Plan,
how big is the coverage on it, who can take this plan,
what is the deductible option in it, I will try to explain everything in detail,
this video may be a little
big, it may be long, but how
much can all the valuables be taken,
how much sum insured can be taken, so the minimum sum
insured is 10 lakh, 20 lakh, 45 lakh, 85
lakh, it is called 85 lakh, 95 lakh, 1 crore
and sum assured up to 3 crore is available here. If
you talk about deductible, then it
starts from 3 lakh deductible, 3 lakh 4  You will also get
these deductible options here - Rs. 1 lakh, 5 lakh, 75 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh.
You can take as much insurance as you want.
Talking about the inbuilt features, the
inbuilt features are going to be amazing and great.
Industry
leading features are going to be available here, for example, if we
talk about pre and post hospitalization, then 90 days pre hospitalization
and 180 days post hospitalization will be
covered in this policy. Waiver of
deductible. Yes, such a great unique feature that
you can reduce or remove the deductible option.
Such a feature
is also available here, the details of which I will tell you,
which means option to shift from top
up to base policy, that is, you
can convert from top up policy to base. I am going to
tell you all the details for this also later.
Modern treatment up to sum
shot is going to be covered here, Bariatric
surgery up to sum shot is going to be covered,
donor expenses up to sum shot will be covered here
and
you will get discount up to 30% on wellness program in this, which is very  It
is very unique, a very good and great
feature. Talking about core coverage, all
inpatient hospitalization
expenses, total expenses will be
covered here, in which there will be no gap, no restriction, no
copayment. AYUSH and
inpatient treatment, AYUSH also has 100% coverage, there is no
sub-limit, no copayment here.
Day care surgeries, all day care
surgeries will be covered under the policy. Domicile
hospitalization in which you
need to get treatment at home, up to the sum
insured is covered in the policy. Domestic
road ambulance up to the sum shot is covered. Home
care treatment is covered up to ₹ lakh.
Surrogacy and Otile are also covered under this policy.
You
can use surrogate and Otile up to a maximum of ₹ lakh. Plus,
ambulance service is also available in it, in
which arrangement will have to be done through the Il Take Care
app and the health assistant
team, that is, any
consultation you want to take online, will be free for unlimited time.
This is also covered under core covers.
You are going to get these features. Let's talk about
discounts, here the
company is providing five types of great discounts,
first long term discount 15%,
second civil discount 15% civil, if your
civil is good then you can get a discount of up to 15% on civil,
number three, if you
renew the policy
30 days before the renewal next year, then
you will get an extra discount of 2%
because it is very unique, it is an industry
first feature and the fourth feature is 10% on
PPN network, which is
from the company's agreed network hospital,
where if you get treatment and
choose the same hospital, then you can get an
extra discount of 10% on the premium
and last but not least is the
wellness discount, which is up
to 30% here, whichever wellness
programs you use through the app,
you will get discounts according to that, there are
some personalized add-on covers, there are
boosters which can be very useful for you,
such as claim here
There is a feature of protector in which your
claim will be protected and
your basically non-payable
items are covered in the claim protector, due to which
you will not have to bear the cost of any non-payable item,
you can use it here. The
second is inflation protector,
your inflation will keep increasing every year whether the claim comes or
not, your sum shot will keep increasing on that
rider, you can choose an
ambulance rider here, you have to pay a
little extra premium and
you can manage it, next is the room
modification option, if you
want to downgrade the room then there
is an option in it, you can do that, you can add dependent accommodation, you can add
compassionate visit in it,
these will come under your add-on riders, if we
talk about home care and recovery add-ons, then if you want to add nursing at home and
durable medical equipment, you can definitely add it,
you will also get its cost covered and teleconsultation
is unlimited free, if you want to take Be Fit rider, you can
take Health Care Health Checkup  Those who want to take it
can also add it in this rider. Let's
talk about
three unique USPs inside Activate Booster which are very different.
What is number one, waiver of
deductible cover, which means there is
no need to take any separate rider for it. If you have
taken the policy before 50 years and want to convert the policy
from Super Dapper policy to base policy between 55 to 65, then
this feature will be applicable. In this, you
can convert the policy. Number two is Deductible
Reduction Add-on Cover. You can take this add-on cover in
which if you had
taken 5 lakhs, then it will reduce by 10% every year
and can be minus till 50. The
deductible of 5 lakhs will remain up to 25 lakhs. Such a feature
is available here. If you have taken 10 lakhs, then
you can manage up to 5 lakhs. And the third
unique feature which is called Jump
Start. Jump Start means friends
that your A B CD disease i.e.
Asthma, BP, Thyroid, Asthma, BP and
Thyroid, Lipidemia and one
If someone has any disease related to hypertension and sugar, if there is
already a pre-existing disease, then
if you take the Jump Start option, then this
disease will be covered only after 30 days
because it is a unique feature. People have appreciated Jump Start a lot. The
names of these diseases are asthma, diabetes,
obesity, hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
If someone has any of these diseases and in
most of the plans, there is a
waiting period of 3 years in this plan also, but
if you have chosen Jump Start, then
this disease will be covered only after 30 days,
which is a win-win situation for you. It is a very
useful feature for you. Let me
talk about the information again, which
is very useful for you. Sum assured is available here from ₹1 lakh to
3 crore, which I
told you in the beginning, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 50 lakh, 85 lakh,
95 lakh, 1 crore and 3
crore.  The insured is available directly,
I have already mentioned the table 3 lakh, 4 lakh,
5 lakh, 75 lakh, 10 lakh and 15 lakh, 20 lakh. Six
deductibles are available and there is a standard waiting
period. Pre-accident disease is
covered after 3 years and accidental cover is from day one
plus initial waiting period. Whenever you
take a new policy, after 30 days the
policy becomes applicable. There is
no age restriction. Any
person of any age limit from 18 years can take this policy. There is
no age limit 100 years, 80
years, 90 years, 50 years. Any person of any age can
take the policy.
Dependent child is a very good option.
A dependent child can stay in the policy from 91 days to 30 years of age
and the policy can be chosen for 1 year, 2 years or 3 years option. It can be
taken comfortably
and there is no age limit for delayed screening here.
You can easily get this policy on the basic basis.
All people are available here. The
initial waiting period for pre-existing diseases is 3
years and I have already told about the age criteria
that up to 55 years, you can
give a sum shot of up to 1 crore.
If someone is above 55 years of age,
then a sum shot of more than 1 crore cannot be given
and if someone is below 55 then any sum shot can be
given to them. There is an option
of activated booster with a special elevated plan.
If you take a base policy of 10 lakhs or an
elevated plan of 10 lakhs,
then you can easily take this plan of 90 lakhs under the COMO option.
Activated booster
means a combined coverage of 10 lakhs plus 90 lakhs, i.e.,
1 crore coverage is available here.
Plus, the company says that a
super top up of 4 crores 90 lakhs is also available along with 10 lakhs.
That too has not started, it will be activated after some time.
Along with 10 lakh, a super tub of 4 crore 90 lakh can also be taken,
so your policy of 5 crore can be easily
managed, whose premium
is very reasonable, you have to check it for yourself anytime,
if you are running the policy of ICC Lord
or the base policy of any company
and you
want to take this super topper plan of IIC company, then
you will get whatsapp-web,
here there is zone wise pricing which will be
very useful for you, in which there will be no
challenge or problem of any kind, to
take all over India policy, you
can contact us, you can talk, you can
take consultancy, all the knowledge
working is provided here,
Namaste, your friend Yogendra Verma, thank
you so much